README.md, before:

# Prolusion

From Latin prolusio(n- ), from prolus- ‘practised beforehand’, from
the verb proludere, from pro ‘before’ + ludere ‘to play’.

Prolusion is meant to be as light a possible, and is completely
tweaked towards my own use of emacs. For those who are looking for a
more polished configuration kit, I can only recommand
[Prelude](https://github.com/bbatsov/prelude) or
[Spacemacs](https://github.com/syl20bnr/spacemacs).

Prolusion is organized as a set of layers, each of which is organized as
follows: requirements, setup, functions, hooks, modeline and
keybindings.

- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Upgrade](#upgrade)
- [Keybindings](#keybindings)

## Prerequisites

    $ brew install gpg
    $ brew install emacs --use-git-head --with-cocoa --HEAD
    $ brew install cmake
    $ brew install ninja
    $ brew install llvm --with-clang
    $ brew install cscope
    $ brew install ack
    $ brew install the_silver_searcher

## Installation

    $ curl -L https://raw.github.com/jwintz/prolusion/master/prolusion-installer/prolusion-installer.sh | sh

## Upgrade

**Emacs**

    $ brew   install emacs --use-git-head --with-cocoa --HEAD # if emacs is not installed
    $ brew reinstall emacs --use-git-head --with-cocoa --HEAD # if emacs is     installed

**Emacs prolusion**

    M-x prolusion-upgrade

**Emacs prolusion packages**

    M-x prolusion-upgrade-packages

### Keybindings

**prolusion-packages**

| Keybinding         | Function                     |
| ------------------ |:---------------------------- |
| <kbd>`C-u o`</kbd> | `prolusion-upgrade`          |
| <kbd>`C-u p`</kbd> | `prolusion-upgrade-packages` |

**prolusion-behavior**

| Keybinding         | Function          |
| ------------------ |:----------------- |
| <kbd>`C-x o`</kbd> | `other-window`    |
| <kbd>`C-x 0`</kbd> | `other-window -1` |

| Keybinding       | Function              |
| ---------------- |:--------------------- |
| <kbd>`C-+`</kbd> | `text-scale-increase` |
| <kbd>`C--`</kbd> | `text-scale-decrease` |

| Keybinding         | Function              |
| ------------------ | ---------------------:|
| <kbd>`C-x (`</kbd> | `start-kbd-macro`     |
| <kbd>`C-x )`</kbd> | `end-kbd-macro`       |
| <kbd>`C-x e`</kbd> | `call-last-kbd-macro` |

| Keybinding             | Function        |
| ---------------------- | ---------------:|
| <kbd>`C-M-left`</kbd>  | `forward-sexp`  |
| <kbd>`C-M-right`</kbd> | `backward-sexp` |

| Keybinding                                  | Function                               |
| ------------------------------------------- |:-------------------------------------- |
| <kbd>M-x resize-window</kbd> <kbd>n</kbd>   | `resize-window--enlarge-down`          |
| <kbd>M-x resize-window</kbd> <kbd>p</kbd>   | `resize-window--enlarge-up`            |
| <kbd>M-x resize-window</kbd> <kbd>f</kbd>   | `resize-window--enlarge-horizontally`  |
| <kbd>M-x resize-window</kbd> <kbd>b</kbd>   | `resize-window--shrink-horizontally`   |
| <kbd>M-x resize-window</kbd> <kbd>r</kbd>   | `resize-window--reset-windows`         |
| <kbd>M-x resize-window</kbd> <kbd>w</kbd>   | `resize-window--cycle-window-positive` |
| <kbd>M-x resize-window</kbd> <kbd>W</kbd>   | `resize-window--cycle-window-negative` |

**prolusion-builtins**

| Keybinding           | Function                       |
| -------------------- | ------------------------------:|
| <kbd>`C-c b c`</kbd> |              `clear-rectangle` |
| <kbd>`C-c b d`</kbd> |             `delete-rectangle` |
| <kbd>`C-c b k`</kbd> |               `kill-rectangle` |
| <kbd>`C-c b o`</kbd> |               `open-rectangle` |
| <kbd>`C-c b t`</kbd> |             `string-rectangle` |
| <kbd>`C-c b y`</kbd> |               `yank-rectangle` |
| <kbd>`C-c b w`</kbd> | `wdired-change-to-wdired-mode` |

**prolusion-eshell**

| Keybinding           | Function                        |
| -------------------- |:------------------------------- |
| <kbd>`C-c l l`</kbd> | `mutli-eshell`                  |
| <kbd>`C-c l o`</kbd> | `mutli-eshell-switch`           |
| <kbd>`C-c l 0`</kbd> | `mutli-eshell-go-back`          |
| <kbd>`C-c l c`</kbd> | `prolusion-eshell-clear-buffer` |

**prolusion-editor**

| Keybinding           | Function                   |
| -------------------- |:-------------------------- |
| <kbd>`C-c e s`</kbd> | `ff-find-other-file`       |
| <kbd>`C-c e m`</kbd> | `make-header`              |
| <kbd>`C-c e c`</kbd> | `make-box-comment`         |
| <kbd>`C-c e d`</kbd> | `make-divider`             |
| <kbd>`C-c e r`</kbd> | `make-revision`            |
| <kbd>`C-c e g`</kbd> | `update-file-header`       |
| <kbd>`C-c e l`</kbd> | `prolusion-duplicate-line` |
| <kbd>`C-c e e`</kbd> | `iedit-mode`               |
| <kbd>`C-c e f`</kbd> | `helm-mini`                |

**prolusion-snippets**

| Keybinding           | Function                 |
| -------------------- |:------------------------ |
| <kbd>`C-c y n`</kbd> | `yas-new-snippet`        |
| <kbd>`C-c y s`</kbd> | `yas-insert-snippet`     |
| <kbd>`C-c y v`</kbd> | `yas-visit-snippet-file` |

**prolusion-docs**

| Keybinding           | Function                    |
| -------------------- |:--------------------------- |
| <kbd>`C-c d d`</kbd> | `helm-dash`                 |
| <kbd>`C-c d p`</kbd> | `helm-dash-at-point`        |
| <kbd>`C-c d i`</kbd> | `helm-dash-install-docset`  |
| <kbd>`C-c d a`</kbd> | `helm-dash-activate-docset` |

**prolusion-scoping**

| Keybinding           | Function                               |
| -------------------- |:-------------------------------------- |
| <kbd>`C-c s L`</kbd> | `cscope-create-list-of-files-to-index` |
| <kbd>`C-c s I`</kbd> | `cscope-index-files`                   |
| <kbd>`C-c s E`</kbd> | `cscope-edit-list-of-files-to-index`   |
| <kbd>`C-c s W`</kbd> | `cscope-tell-user-about-directory`     |
| <kbd>`C-c s S`</kbd> | `cscope-tell-user-about-directory`     |
| <kbd>`C-c s T`</kbd> | `cscope-tell-user-about-directory`     |
| <kbd>`C-c s D`</kbd> | `cscope-dired-directory`               |

| Keybinding           | Function                         |
| -------------------- |:-------------------------------- |
| <kbd>`C-c s a`</kbd> | `cscope-set-initial-directory`   |
| <kbd>`C-c s A`</kbd> | `cscope-unset-initial-directory` |

| Keybinding           | Function                                      |
| -------------------- |:--------------------------------------------- |
| <kbd>`C-c s s`</kbd> | `cscope-find-this-symbol`                     |
| <kbd>`C-c s d`</kbd> | `cscope-find-global-definition`               |
| <kbd>`C-c s g`</kbd> | `cscope-find-global-definition`               |
| <kbd>`C-c s G`</kbd> | `cscope-find-global-definition-no-prompting`  |
| <kbd>`C-c s =`</kbd> | `cscope-find-assignments-to-this-symbol`      |
| <kbd>`C-c s c`</kbd> | `cscope-find-functions-calling-this-function` |
| <kbd>`C-c s C`</kbd> | `cscope-find-called-functions`                |
| <kbd>`C-c s t`</kbd> | `cscope-find-this-text-string`                |
| <kbd>`C-c s e`</kbd> | `cscope-find-egrep-pattern`                   |
| <kbd>`C-c s f`</kbd> | `cscope-find-this-file`                       |
| <kbd>`C-c s i`</kbd> | `cscope-find-files-including-file`            |

| Keybinding           | Function                                      |
| -------------------- |:--------------------------------------------- |
| <kbd>`C-c s b`</kbd> | `cscope-display-buffer`                       |
| <kbd>`C-c s B`</kbd> | `cscope-display-buffer-toggle`                |
| <kbd>`C-c s n`</kbd> | `cscope-history-forward-line-current-result`  |
| <kbd>`C-c s N`</kbd> | `cscope-history-forward-file-current-result`  |
| <kbd>`C-c s p`</kbd> | `cscope-history-backward-line-current-result` |
| <kbd>`C-c s P`</kbd> | `cscope-history-backward-file-current-result` |
| <kbd>`C-c s u`</kbd> | `cscope-pop-mark`                             |

**prolusion-vc**

| Keybinding           | Function                    |
| -------------------- |:--------------------------- |
| <kbd>`C-c v m`</kbd> | `magit-status`              |

**prolusion-projectile**

| Keybinding           | Function                                      |
| -------------------- |:--------------------------------------------- |
| <kbd>C-c p h</kbd>   | `helm-projectile`                             |
| <kbd>C-c p a</kbd>   | `helm-projectile-find-other-file`             |
| <kbd>C-c p f</kbd>   | `helm-projectile-find-file`                   |
| <kbd>C-c p F</kbd>   | `helm-projectile-find-file-in-known-projects` |
| <kbd>C-c p g</kbd>   | `helm-projectile-find-file-dwim`              |
| <kbd>C-c p d</kbd>   | `helm-projectile-find-dir`                    |
| <kbd>C-c p p</kbd>   | `helm-projectile-switch-project`              |
| <kbd>C-c p e</kbd>   | `helm-projectile-recentf`                     |
| <kbd>C-c p b</kbd>   | `helm-projectile-switch-to-buffer`            |
| <kbd>C-c p s g</kbd> | `helm-projectile-grep`                        |
| <kbd>C-c p s a</kbd> | `helm-projectile-ack`                         |
| <kbd>C-c p s s</kbd> | `helm-projectile-ag`                          |

Commit message:

Updated README.md reguarding the fonts.

README.md, after:

# Prolusion

From Latin prolusio(n- ), from prolus- ‘practised beforehand’, from
the verb proludere, from pro ‘before’ + ludere ‘to play’.

Prolusion is meant to be as light a possible, and is completely
tweaked towards my own use of emacs. For those who are looking for a
more polished configuration kit, I can only recommand
[Prelude](https://github.com/bbatsov/prelude) or
[Spacemacs](https://github.com/syl20bnr/spacemacs).

Prolusion is organized as a set of layers, each of which is organized as
follows: requirements, setup, functions, hooks, modeline and
keybindings.

- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Upgrade](#upgrade)
- [Keybindings](#keybindings)

## Prerequisites

    $ brew install gpg
    $ brew install emacs --use-git-head --with-cocoa --HEAD
    $ brew install cmake
    $ brew install ninja
    $ brew install llvm --with-clang
    $ brew install cscope
    $ brew install ack
    $ brew install the_silver_searcher

## Installation

    $ curl -L https://raw.github.com/jwintz/prolusion/master/prolusion-installer/prolusion-installer.sh | sh

## Upgrade

**Emacs**

    $ brew   install emacs --use-git-head --with-cocoa --HEAD # if emacs is not installed
    $ brew reinstall emacs --use-git-head --with-cocoa --HEAD # if emacs is     installed

**Emacs prolusion**

    M-x prolusion-upgrade

**Emacs prolusion packages**

    M-x prolusion-upgrade-packages

### Fonts

Take care to install all the fonts provided in `.prolusion/porlusion-fonts`.

### Keybindings

**prolusion-packages**

| Keybinding         | Function                     |
| ------------------ |:---------------------------- |
| <kbd>`C-u o`</kbd> | `prolusion-upgrade`          |
| <kbd>`C-u p`</kbd> | `prolusion-upgrade-packages` |

**prolusion-behavior**

| Keybinding         | Function          |
| ------------------ |:----------------- |
| <kbd>`C-x o`</kbd> | `other-window`    |
| <kbd>`C-x 0`</kbd> | `other-window -1` |

| Keybinding       | Function              |
| ---------------- |:--------------------- |
| <kbd>`C-+`</kbd> | `text-scale-increase` |
| <kbd>`C--`</kbd> | `text-scale-decrease` |

| Keybinding         | Function              |
| ------------------ | ---------------------:|
| <kbd>`C-x (`</kbd> | `start-kbd-macro`     |
| <kbd>`C-x )`</kbd> | `end-kbd-macro`       |
| <kbd>`C-x e`</kbd> | `call-last-kbd-macro` |

| Keybinding             | Function        |
| ---------------------- | ---------------:|
| <kbd>`C-M-left`</kbd>  | `forward-sexp`  |
| <kbd>`C-M-right`</kbd> | `backward-sexp` |

| Keybinding                                  | Function                               |
| ------------------------------------------- |:-------------------------------------- |
| <kbd>M-x resize-window</kbd> <kbd>n</kbd>   | `resize-window--enlarge-down`          |
| <kbd>M-x resize-window</kbd> <kbd>p</kbd>   | `resize-window--enlarge-up`            |
| <kbd>M-x resize-window</kbd> <kbd>f</kbd>   | `resize-window--enlarge-horizontally`  |
| <kbd>M-x resize-window</kbd> <kbd>b</kbd>   | `resize-window--shrink-horizontally`   |
| <kbd>M-x resize-window</kbd> <kbd>r</kbd>   | `resize-window--reset-windows`         |
| <kbd>M-x resize-window</kbd> <kbd>w</kbd>   | `resize-window--cycle-window-positive` |
| <kbd>M-x resize-window</kbd> <kbd>W</kbd>   | `resize-window--cycle-window-negative` |

**prolusion-builtins**

| Keybinding           | Function                       |
| -------------------- | ------------------------------:|
| <kbd>`C-c b c`</kbd> |              `clear-rectangle` |
| <kbd>`C-c b d`</kbd> |             `delete-rectangle` |
| <kbd>`C-c b k`</kbd> |               `kill-rectangle` |
| <kbd>`C-c b o`</kbd> |               `open-rectangle` |
| <kbd>`C-c b t`</kbd> |             `string-rectangle` |
| <kbd>`C-c b y`</kbd> |               `yank-rectangle` |
| <kbd>`C-c b w`</kbd> | `wdired-change-to-wdired-mode` |

**prolusion-eshell**

| Keybinding           | Function                        |
| -------------------- |:------------------------------- |
| <kbd>`C-c l l`</kbd> | `mutli-eshell`                  |
| <kbd>`C-c l o`</kbd> | `mutli-eshell-switch`           |
| <kbd>`C-c l 0`</kbd> | `mutli-eshell-go-back`          |
| <kbd>`C-c l c`</kbd> | `prolusion-eshell-clear-buffer` |

**prolusion-editor**

| Keybinding           | Function                   |
| -------------------- |:-------------------------- |
| <kbd>`C-c e s`</kbd> | `ff-find-other-file`       |
| <kbd>`C-c e m`</kbd> | `make-header`              |
| <kbd>`C-c e c`</kbd> | `make-box-comment`         |
| <kbd>`C-c e d`</kbd> | `make-divider`             |
| <kbd>`C-c e r`</kbd> | `make-revision`            |
| <kbd>`C-c e g`</kbd> | `update-file-header`       |
| <kbd>`C-c e l`</kbd> | `prolusion-duplicate-line` |
| <kbd>`C-c e e`</kbd> | `iedit-mode`               |
| <kbd>`C-c e f`</kbd> | `helm-mini`                |

**prolusion-snippets**

| Keybinding           | Function                 |
| -------------------- |:------------------------ |
| <kbd>`C-c y n`</kbd> | `yas-new-snippet`        |
| <kbd>`C-c y s`</kbd> | `yas-insert-snippet`     |
| <kbd>`C-c y v`</kbd> | `yas-visit-snippet-file` |

**prolusion-docs**

| Keybinding           | Function                    |
| -------------------- |:--------------------------- |
| <kbd>`C-c d d`</kbd> | `helm-dash`                 |
| <kbd>`C-c d p`</kbd> | `helm-dash-at-point`        |
| <kbd>`C-c d i`</kbd> | `helm-dash-install-docset`  |
| <kbd>`C-c d a`</kbd> | `helm-dash-activate-docset` |

**prolusion-scoping**

| Keybinding           | Function                               |
| -------------------- |:-------------------------------------- |
| <kbd>`C-c s L`</kbd> | `cscope-create-list-of-files-to-index` |
| <kbd>`C-c s I`</kbd> | `cscope-index-files`                   |
| <kbd>`C-c s E`</kbd> | `cscope-edit-list-of-files-to-index`   |
| <kbd>`C-c s W`</kbd> | `cscope-tell-user-about-directory`     |
| <kbd>`C-c s S`</kbd> | `cscope-tell-user-about-directory`     |
| <kbd>`C-c s T`</kbd> | `cscope-tell-user-about-directory`     |
| <kbd>`C-c s D`</kbd> | `cscope-dired-directory`               |

| Keybinding           | Function                         |
| -------------------- |:-------------------------------- |
| <kbd>`C-c s a`</kbd> | `cscope-set-initial-directory`   |
| <kbd>`C-c s A`</kbd> | `cscope-unset-initial-directory` |

| Keybinding           | Function                                      |
| -------------------- |:--------------------------------------------- |
| <kbd>`C-c s s`</kbd> | `cscope-find-this-symbol`                     |
| <kbd>`C-c s d`</kbd> | `cscope-find-global-definition`               |
| <kbd>`C-c s g`</kbd> | `cscope-find-global-definition`               |
| <kbd>`C-c s G`</kbd> | `cscope-find-global-definition-no-prompting`  |
| <kbd>`C-c s =`</kbd> | `cscope-find-assignments-to-this-symbol`      |
| <kbd>`C-c s c`</kbd> | `cscope-find-functions-calling-this-function` |
| <kbd>`C-c s C`</kbd> | `cscope-find-called-functions`                |
| <kbd>`C-c s t`</kbd> | `cscope-find-this-text-string`                |
| <kbd>`C-c s e`</kbd> | `cscope-find-egrep-pattern`                   |
| <kbd>`C-c s f`</kbd> | `cscope-find-this-file`                       |
| <kbd>`C-c s i`</kbd> | `cscope-find-files-including-file`            |

| Keybinding           | Function                                      |
| -------------------- |:--------------------------------------------- |
| <kbd>`C-c s b`</kbd> | `cscope-display-buffer`                       |
| <kbd>`C-c s B`</kbd> | `cscope-display-buffer-toggle`                |
| <kbd>`C-c s n`</kbd> | `cscope-history-forward-line-current-result`  |
| <kbd>`C-c s N`</kbd> | `cscope-history-forward-file-current-result`  |
| <kbd>`C-c s p`</kbd> | `cscope-history-backward-line-current-result` |
| <kbd>`C-c s P`</kbd> | `cscope-history-backward-file-current-result` |
| <kbd>`C-c s u`</kbd> | `cscope-pop-mark`                             |

**prolusion-vc**

| Keybinding           | Function                    |
| -------------------- |:--------------------------- |
| <kbd>`C-c v m`</kbd> | `magit-status`              |

**prolusion-projectile**

| Keybinding           | Function                                      |
| -------------------- |:--------------------------------------------- |
| <kbd>C-c p h</kbd>   | `helm-projectile`                             |
| <kbd>C-c p a</kbd>   | `helm-projectile-find-other-file`             |
| <kbd>C-c p f</kbd>   | `helm-projectile-find-file`                   |
| <kbd>C-c p F</kbd>   | `helm-projectile-find-file-in-known-projects` |
| <kbd>C-c p g</kbd>   | `helm-projectile-find-file-dwim`              |
| <kbd>C-c p d</kbd>   | `helm-projectile-find-dir`                    |
| <kbd>C-c p p</kbd>   | `helm-projectile-switch-project`              |
| <kbd>C-c p e</kbd>   | `helm-projectile-recentf`                     |
| <kbd>C-c p b</kbd>   | `helm-projectile-switch-to-buffer`            |
| <kbd>C-c p s g</kbd> | `helm-projectile-grep`                        |
| <kbd>C-c p s a</kbd> | `helm-projectile-ack`                         |
| <kbd>C-c p s s</kbd> | `helm-projectile-ag`                          |
